# Contributing
Contributions are more than welcome! Just open an issue to discuss your proposal, or fork this repo directly and submit a PR. 

## General guidelines
- Please adhere to the style conventions followed in the existing codebase.
- Check that the code changes you made do not result in a failing `gulp` build, before submitting the merge request.

## Static content

### Adding new main-pages
To add a new main-page, 
1. <i>Create the page.</i> Create the content of the page as a `.pug` file, in the folder `views`, e.g., `views/traces.pug`. Typically, a main page `extends skeleton`, and further includes a title and some text, for example: 
    ```
    block content
        .container.page-container
            h1.page-title #{pageTitle}
    
            h2 Example Level-2 Heading
            p Example paragraph under heading.
    ```

2. <i>Ensure the page is generated by `gulp`.</i> Add the name of the file in `app/view-controller.js`, in function `createTemplateContextsFromDB`, under `templateContexts`, as follows.
   For `awards`:
    ```
    awards: generateAwardContext(databaseController.database.awards),
    ```
   For `traces`: 
    ```
    traces: {
        pageTitle: 'Traces',
        pageId: 'traces'
    },
    ```

3. <i>Link the page in the jumbotron/main head-menu.</i> Add the name of the `.pug` file in the list used by the jumbotron, in `views/skeleton.pug`:
    ```
    #navbar.navbar-collapse.collapse
        ul.nav.navbar-nav.navbar-right
            each page in ['traces', 'trace format', 'about', 'talks', 'publications',]    
    ```


## Templates
If you want to contribute to the page templates, see the `views` folder for all Pug template files (these are the ones being compiled into HTML). The template logic to compile them is contained in the `app` directory.

## Styles
Want to improve the styling of some part of the webpage? Have a look in the `public/src/styles` folder.
